Update name to Declarative Automation Bundles (#148)
databricks/bundle-examples: knowledge_base/write_from_job_to_volume/README.md

# Save job result to volume

> This example demonstrates how to define and use a Unity Catalog Volume in a Declarative Automation Bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Declarative Automation Bundles example demonstrates how to define and use a Unity Catalog volume.
```
